in this most sold in Brazil is that there whatever the way of speaking that
the best guarantee comes from the sale of alcoholic beverages
I have my little boy the best moments of this stage of the race will be settled
true rarity
there will be people
I hope there are
pmdb slave vidal in the federal senate
milk in the middle
she came
the thrashing by 5 to 0 of the attack the withdrawal of cattle obliged
not worth it
Américo Figueiredo
the chamber of cuiabá
the work with the belief that it was commented
when the chamber of bushes always
the first days of August of this year mauro paulino de lima obliged to be
candidate
fantastic performance performance with football network headline thank you
big guys held by Afghans football day in May the network will be
followed and one of his lawyers but Amaral was elected gypsy animal